Hello.
With you beautyksu.
I, as always, check all the beauty recipes at home
conditions on themselves.
Today I want to show you how to massage using
ice to keep your lips plump.
This is a very hot topic, a lot of requests from girls.
Therefore, we need to make ordinary ice, freeze
and take hot water.
What are we doing?
We do ice massage, just a couple of seconds.
Then we moisten the sponge in hot water and apply
his lips too for a couple of seconds.
And here we do such manipulations somewhere four or five
time.
This procedure increases blood flow and because of this, the lips
getting plumper.
But once again I want to remind you that the effect of this procedure
short term
So that you do not think that using this method
You can permanently increase the lips.
That is, this is a short-term effect for meeting a loved one
person, or for some event.
And so, we take the ice.
Ice massage can be done until you
will not feel a slight burning sensation.
The main thing is not to overdo it in order not to get sick.
The final stage is a massage with ice, heaviness, after
the last time you do a massage
no longer need to apply hot water to your lips.
That is, the final stage is ice
This is a very fast procedure.
You can see that the lips have slightly increased in volume.
and became plumper.
So try it.
If this video was helpful to you, subscribe to
my channel, ask questions, write comments, put
likes, visit beautyksu site. som
Let's be beautiful together.